v2021.09.20-0 release notes (#563)
replicatedhq/kurl.sh: src/release-notes/v2021.09.20-0.md

---
date: "2021-09-20"
version: "v2021.09.20-0"
weight: 202109200
---

### <span class="label label-orange">Bug Fixes</span>

> - Fixed a bug that randomly caused the EKCO addon to fail when trying to mistakengly deploy the `PodImageOverrides` mutating webhook configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug that could cause the EKCO addon to fail when mistakenly trying to deploy the `PodImageOverrides` mutating webhook configuration.
```
